Document enabling REX ssh mode for upstream (#2372)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_transport-modes-for-remote-execution.adoc

The remote execution {SmartProxy} must have access to the SSH port on the target hosts.
Unless you have a different setting, the standard SSH port is 22.

ifdef::foreman-el,foreman-deb[]

> To use the `ssh` mode, run the following command on your {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer: Wouldn't `{SmartProxy}` be better here?

> To use the `ssh` mode, run the following command on your {ProjectServer}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable remote execution, run the following command on your {ProjectServer}:
```

"To use the ssh mode" implies that this command only allows use of the ssh mode, when actually it's required for both pull and ssh.
